feat(website): SEO model pages — 207 models, FAQ JSON-LD, partner node support (#11892)
Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend: .claude/skills/add-model-page/SKILL.md

---
name: add-model-page

> description: 'Add, update, or remove a model page entry in ComfyUI_frontend. Triggered by Glary-Bot Slack commands. Creates a PR to Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend with the change and posts a Vercel preview link back to Slack.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Add, update, or remove a model page entry on the comfy org website. Creates a PR to Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend apps/website folder with the change and posts a Vercel preview link back to Slack.'
```

---

# add-model-page

> Handle Glary-Bot Slack commands that add, update, or remove model pages in the ComfyUI website.

Author: ```suggestion
add, update, or remove model pages in the ComfyUI website.
```

## Trigger phrases

- `@Glary-Bot Add a model page for <model-name>`
- `@Glary-Bot Update the model page for <model-name>`

> - `@Glary-Bot Remove <model-name> from model pages`

Author: ```suggestion
- `Add a model page for <model-name>`
- `Update the model page for <model-name>`
- `Remove <model-name> from model pages`
```

## Repos involved

> - **comfy-router** (this repo): skill lives here, no code changes needed

Author: ```suggestion
```

- **ComfyUI_frontend** (`Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend`): all file edits happen here

Assume ComfyUI_frontend is checked out at a sibling path. Find it:

```bash
find ~ -maxdepth 5 -name "models.ts" -path "*/website/src/config/*" 2>/dev/null | head -1
```

Set `FRONTEND` to that repo root (parent four levels up from the found path).

> Key files inside `$FRONTEND`:

Author: ```suggestion
```

| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `apps/website/src/config/models.ts` | Model array |
| `apps/website/src/i18n/translations.ts` | i18n string map |
| `apps/website/scripts/generate-models.ts` | Derives model data from workflow templates |

---

## Phase 1 — Parse the request

Extract:
- **action**: `add` | `update` | `remove`
- **model-name**: raw string from Slack (e.g. `flux1-schnell`, `flux1_dev.safetensors`)

Normalize to a slug: lowercase, replace `_` and `.` with `-`, strip `.safetensors` suffix.
Example: `flux1_dev.safetensors` → `flux1-dev`

---

## Phase 2 — Gather model data (ADD / UPDATE)

Run the generator to find the model:

```bash

> cd $FRONTEND

Author: ```suggestion
cd ComfyUI_frontend
```
